✨♻️‼️ Rewrite myst-nb (#380)
executablebooks/MyST-NB: docs/use/formatting_outputs.md

  figure:
    caption: |
      Hey everyone its **party** time!

      (and I'm a legend)
    name: fun-fish-ref
---
from IPython.display import Image
Image("images/fun-fish.png")
```

Now we can link to the image from anywhere in our documentation: [swim to the fish](fun-fish-ref)

You can create figures for any mime outputs:

````md
```{code-cell} ipython3
---
render:
  figure:
    align: left
    caption_before: true
    caption: This is my table caption, aligned left
---
import pandas
pandas.DataFrame({"column 1": [1, 2, 3]})
```
````

```{code-cell} ipython3
---
render:
  figure:
    align: left
    caption_before: true
    caption: This is my table caption, aligned left
---
import pandas
pandas.DataFrame({"column 1": [1, 2, 3]})
```

(use/format/markdown)=
## Markdown

The format of output `text/markdown` can be specified by `render_markdown_format` configuration:

- `commonmark` (default): Restricted to the [CommonMark specification](https://commonmark.org/).
- `gfm`: Restricted to the [GitHub-flavored markdown](https://github.github.com/gfm/).
  - Note, this requires the installation of the [linkify-it-py package](https://pypi.org/project/linkify-it-py)

> - `myst`: The MyST parser configuration for the the current document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `myst`: Uses [the MyST parser](https://myst-parser.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) with the same configuration as the current document.
```

display(Markdown('![figure](../_static/logo-wide.svg)'))
```

> But setting the `render_markdown_format` to `myst` will allow for more advanced formatting,

Reviewer: given that this package is explicitly labeled as "myst", why not enable myst markdown parsing by default?

such as including internal references, tables, and even other directives:

`````md
````{code-cell} ipython3
---
render:
  markdown_format: myst
---

> display(Markdown('**_some_ markdown** and an [internal reference](use/format/markdown)!'))

Reviewer: ![InceptionDeeperGIF](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1839645/148859458-479c38a5-bceb-484f-90bb-274b33de1788.gif)

```python
nb_render_plugin = "default"
```

> TODO and example of overriding the renderer ...

Reviewer: We should either add in this example, or make this a comment `% TODO: ...`

Author: fixed
